the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 
the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 
it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience . 
mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan . 
some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot . 
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
 is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful . 
here's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you . 
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
the delicious trimmingsarrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minutewith a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice . 
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted . 
it's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 
a small gem from belgium . 
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . 
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it . 
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat . 
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
well , it does go on forever . 
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer . 
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
ali's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier . 
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
[fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate . 
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick . 
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy . 
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising . 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries . 
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold . 
a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck . 
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' . 
by and large this is mr . kilmer's movie , and it's his strongest performance since the doors . 
it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting . 
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick . 
elegant , mannered and teasing . 
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable . 
may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock . 
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but . 
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . 
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind . 
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view . 
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious . 
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 
you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original . 
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
[t]he ideas of revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal . 
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 
wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really isn't . 
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe . 
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there . 
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . 
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more . 
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . 
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice . 
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate . 
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
has its share of arresting images . 
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor . 
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
i don't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . but i do . 
'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days . 
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering . 
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
 . . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite . 
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary . 
what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best . 
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 
it's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . no , it's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else . 
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense . 
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double . 
it bites hard . 
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 
mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
this is art paying homage to art . 
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness . 
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish . 
one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
witty , touching and well paced . 
though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best . 
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration . 
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man . 
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line . 
the plan to make enough into an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a souffl gone wrong . 
it's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other . 
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset . 
the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 
[cuarn has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant . 
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
a movie to forget
a thought-provoking picture . 
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material . 
[jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . 
this is so bad . 
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
formuliac , but fun . 
he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer . 
the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . . 
hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast . 
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong . 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights . 
 at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford . 
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda . 
based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story . 
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier . 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
there is truth here
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 
[a] strong piece of work . 
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichs , depression and bad alternative music . 
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . it is not what you see , it is what you think you see . 
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
by-the-numbers yarn . 
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination . 
i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal . 
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess . 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi . 
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different . 
a chick flick for guys . 
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut . 
a porn film without the sex scenes . 
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old . 
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
more trifle than triumph . 
ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon . 
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately . 
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good . 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
meant for star wars fans . it is there to give them a good time . 
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them . 
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich . 
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . 
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well . 
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute . 
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard . 
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other . 
 . . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement . 
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
 . . . a bland , pretentious mess . 
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production . 
[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
as the movie traces mr . brown's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again . 
brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie . 
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough . 
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title . 
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story . 
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . . 
don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies . 
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive " missing thing . " 
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member . 
why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ? 
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable navet and arbitrary flashbacks . 
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . 
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn . 
hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
an unflinching look at the world's dispossessed . 
its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda . 
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch . 
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film . 
morton is , as usual , brilliant . 
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold . 
high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast . 
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . 
true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost . 
astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . 
it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth . 
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
surprisingly insightful
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
 . . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable . 
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters . 
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here . 
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
a quiet , disquieting triumph . 
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood . 
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience . 
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
i'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . 
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why . 
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women . 
i hated every minute of it . 
the tenderness of the piece is still intact . 
it's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah . 
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude . 
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance . 
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east . 
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter . 
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
if mr . zhang's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially american , his approach to storytelling might be called iranian . 
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling . 
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre . 
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness . 
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprender . 
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too . 
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images . 
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . 
the star who helped give a spark to " chasing amy " and " changing lanes " falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , " the sum of all fears . " 
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it . 
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience . 
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 
familiar but utterly delightful . 
the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie . 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
a taut , intelligent psychological drama . 
here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck . 
not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 
a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . 
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
a dazzling dream of a documentary . 
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 
a small movie with a big impact . 
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims . 
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it . 
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
a film that suffers because of its many excesses . 
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
 . . . a pretentious mess . . . 
though the story . . . is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 
tailored to entertain ! 
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book . 
i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone . 
exciting and well-paced . 
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie . 
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 
[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 
it confirms fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight . 
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program . 
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . 
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places . 
made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because [solondz's] cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt . 
it's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn . 
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 
dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become " the punk kids' revolution . " 
moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it . 
more precious than perspicacious
 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
falls short in explaining the music and its roots . 
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess . 
if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next . 
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
while the glass slipper doesn't quite fit , pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale . 
a fascinating but choppy documentary . 
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns . 
too much of the humor falls flat . 
ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine . 
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee . 
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure . 
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 
[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall . 
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film . 
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted . 
swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub . 
lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . 
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr . mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . 
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue . 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter . 
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
technically and artistically inept . 
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichs , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless . 
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
the long-range appeal of " minority report " should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages . 
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
unfortunately , it appears that [jackie] chan's us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films . 
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady . 
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship . 
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun  toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout . 
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away . 
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
her film is like a beautiful food entre that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained " big moment " will occur and not " if . " 
you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
it's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . 
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new . 
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . 
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . 
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
there is greatness here . 
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) . 
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage " be careful what you wish for " is given a full workout . 
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue . 
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too . 
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential . 
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public . 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
as an actor , the rock is aptly named . 
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . 
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging . 
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . 
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
muddled , trashy and incompetent
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it doesn't make any sense . 
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults . 
earnest but heavy-handed . 
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding . 
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . 
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 
it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 
this is amusing for about three minutes . 
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie . 
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle . 
you wonder why enough wasn't just a music video rather than a full-length movie . 
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
a real snooze . 
lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
i have no problem with " difficult " movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . but first , you have to give the audience a reason to <b>want</b> to put for that effort , and " i
the script is smart , not cloying . 
 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness . 
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry . 
while the stoically delivered hokum of hart's war is never fun , it's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation . 
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
rifkin's references are . . . impeccable throughout . 
despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer . 
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where whitaker's misfit artist is concerned . 
the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
a tender , heartfelt family drama . 
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation . 
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers . 
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks . 
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson . 
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching . 
this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
'the chteau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time . 
road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won . 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right . 
is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet . 
nothing about it fits . 
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck ! 
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 
it will break your heart many times over . 
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
schtte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd . 
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . 
kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both . 
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe . . . the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history . 
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
resourceful and ingenious entertainment . 
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
an overstylized , pured mlange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 
never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . 
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time . 
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . " 
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 
national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats . 
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center . 
 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill . 
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm . 
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way . 
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story . 
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
fun and nimble . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
aside from rohmer's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
disturbing and brilliant documentary . 
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material . 
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion . 
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl's life . 
decent but dull . 
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities . 
a very charming and funny movie . 
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case . 
una pelcula oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora . 
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why . 
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through . 
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
bon apptit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies  from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
 if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
 . . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 
the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else . 
so-so entertainment . 
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession . 
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
a remarkable film by bernard rose . 
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 
occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodvar style . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
a era do gelo diverte , mas no convence .  um passatempo descompromissado  e s . 
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
everyone's to blame here . 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down . 
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate . 
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting . 
made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental . 
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients . 
tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club . 
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it . 
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
a compelling journey . . . and " his best friend remembers " is up there with the finest of specials . 
it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [franois and michle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
 . . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made . 
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad . 
offers much to enjoy . . . and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends . 
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand . 
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
elvira fans could hardly ask for more . 
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies . 
rather less than the sum of its underventilated pre-fils confrontations . 
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life . 
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
an ugly , revolting movie . 
gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script . 
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different . 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . 
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash . 
too silly to take seriously . 
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow's car . 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms . 
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . 
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
the film is full of charm . 
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances . 
a dreary indulgence . 
a sour , nasty offering . 
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield . 
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain . 
an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner . 
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in- the-blanks with a tragic past . 
if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off . 
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
old-form moviemaking at its best . 
'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias romnticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 
 . . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway . 
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . 
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 
in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
almost peerlessly unsettling . 
the script ? please . 
this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience . 
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation . 
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark . 
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation . 
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos hadn't blown them all up . 
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute . 
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say . 
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
barely goes beyond comic book status . 
it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material . 
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion . 
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled . 
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . 
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
thin period piece . 
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles . 
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
if you like peace , you'll like promises . 
it's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
a thriller without a lot of thrills . 
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure . 
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably . 
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . 
a perceptive , good-natured movie . 
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . 
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
good ol' urban legend stuff . 
spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken . 
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well . 
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie . 
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about . 
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . 
mais um momento inspirado de david fincher . 
[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority . 
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 
punitively affirmational parable . 
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
[a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . 
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine . 
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on . 
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichs and showcases a group of dedicated artists . 
a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 
it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part . 
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing . 
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen . 
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
worth the effort to watch . 
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well . 
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised . 
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy . 
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world . 
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
 . . . they missed the boat . 
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 
it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker . 
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent . 
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . 
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . . 
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality . 
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved . 
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse . 
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 
canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
