john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider . 
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun . 
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act . 
 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series . 
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback . 
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise . 
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding mtier . 
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 
it's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be . 
propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes . 
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess . 
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . . 
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
yet another weepy southern bore-athon . 
basically , it's pretty but dumb . 
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks . 
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood . 
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back . 
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss . 
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance . 
the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare . 
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking . 
an awkward and indigestible movie . 
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles . 
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers . 
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . 
much monkeyfun for all . 
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order . 
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow . 
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children . 
it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side . 
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers . 
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously . 
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly . 
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing . 
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care . 
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 
silly , loud and goofy . 
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon . 
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
poignant and delicately complex . 
if you've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . 
a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life . 
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back . 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end . 
where the film falters is in its tone . 
genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love . 
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences . 
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
the 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen . 
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
there's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
schindler's list it ain't . 
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . 
predictably soulless techno-tripe . 
i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them . 
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny . 
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 
a wildly funny prison caper . 
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 
it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
it's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director's previous full frontal . 
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while . 
a major waste . . . generic . 
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
noyce's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective . 
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity . 
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
enduring love but exhausting cinema . 
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history . 
these characters become wearisome . 
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad's wallet . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
mr . wollter and ms . seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory . 
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichd , doddering , misogynistic boy's club . 
fluffy and disposible . 
we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish . 
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability . 
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
this story still seems timely and important . and there's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene's story ends . 
 . . . a guiltless film for nice evening out . 
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
katz's documentary doesn't have much panache , but with material this rich it doesn't need it . 
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick . 
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films . 
those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . 
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film . 
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
sluggish , tonally uneven . 
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them . 
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan . 
a puzzling experience . 
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
ns gosta muito de as duas torres . 
it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious . 
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd . 
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like moments . . . but it's such a warm and charming package that you'll feel too happy to argue much . 
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions . 
while i can't say it's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
earnest but earthbound . . . a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast . 
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it . 
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
execrable . 
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done . 
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness . 
a loving little film of considerable appeal . 
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone . 
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable . 
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together . 
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film . 
what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium . 
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller . 
every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 
all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based . 
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area . 
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . 
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed . 
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who's being conned right up to the finale . 
as unseemly as its title suggests . 
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . 
finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
the photographer's show-don't-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject . 
granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek . 
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time . 
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context . 
es triste tener que decirles que lo nico grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . . 
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
 " home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
there's plenty to impress about e . t . 
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buuel film without the latter's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 
all three women deliver remarkable performances . 
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained . 
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it . 
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . 
it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less . 
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . . 
'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
mildly amusing . 
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amlie . 
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ? 
[ns] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake . 
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities . 
 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to diesel's xxx flex-a-thon . 
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . 
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes . 
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze . 
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss . 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism . 
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible . 
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit . 
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm . 
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation . 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications . 
the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing . 
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . . 
where last time jokes flowed out of cho's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines . 
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traicin que seguramente se convertir en un nuevo clsico del gnero . 
working from elliott's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character- and- relationship study he's favored for decades . 
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . 
an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood . 
would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 
watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms . 
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days . 
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see " simone , " and consider a dvd rental instead . 
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
wait for it to hit cable . 
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making . 
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 . 
the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 
 . . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves . 
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological . 
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero . 
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence . 
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
utter mush . . . conceited pap . 
holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . it's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy . 
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here . 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing . 
during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged . 
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion . 
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque . 
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
the chocolate factory without charlie . 
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable . 
sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 
while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . " 
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long . 
 . . . a solid , well-formed satire . 
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try . 
 . . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes . 
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills . 
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing . 
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 
 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 
the film is really not so much bad as bland . 
the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character . 
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died . 
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hlne angel is definitely a director to watch . 
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . . 
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism . 
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 
shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
 " one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
they should have called it gutterball . 
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process . 
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising . 
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks . 
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
pompous and garbled . 
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality . 
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence . 
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales . 
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
intelligent and moving . 
 . . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought . 
kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
as it turns out , you can go home again . 
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 
it's the sweet cinderella story that " pretty woman " wanted to be . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest . 
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense . 
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes . 
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 
the performances are uniformly good . 
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut . 
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel . 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites . 
it's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech . 
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . 
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills . 
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams . 
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end . 
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet . 
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . 
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals . 
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 
woody , what happened ? 
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer . 
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
noyce has worked wonders with the material . 
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 
get out your pooper-scoopers . 
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 
mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire . 
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
 . . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 
 . . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint . 
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix . 
never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived . 
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true . 
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller . 
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
crummy
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners . 
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . 
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it . 
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers . 
highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
final verdict : you've seen it all before . 
one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel . 
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that . 
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
a coarse and stupid gross-out . 
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title . 
a wordy wisp of a comedy . 
two hours of junk . 
a mess , but it's a sincere mess . 
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm . 
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy . 
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects . 
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel . 
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution . 
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows . 
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movieif only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch . 
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance . 
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . 
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script's bad ideas and awkwardness . 
[a] crushing disappointment . 
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 
it's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff . 
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene . 
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility . 
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . 
although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 
worthy of the gong . 
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters . 
walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress . 
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
whereas oliver stone's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie . 
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed . 
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line . 
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth . 
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises . 
a captivating new film . 
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny . 
 . . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
just what makes us happy , anyway ? 
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it . 
this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary ! 
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 
adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . 
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat . 
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad . 
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you've actually spent time living in another community . 
in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . 
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries . 
a sophomoric exploration of 'life problems' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about . 
ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor . 
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener . 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . 
[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll . 
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud . 
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
what [denis] accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . 
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
smarter than its commercials make it seem . 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing . 
it's a masterpiece . 
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
 . . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology . 
a noble failure . 
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us . 
features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story . 
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen . 
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice . 
what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink . 
woefully pretentious . 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time . 
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 
the redeeming feature of chan's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what's worse , routine . 
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor . 
her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero . 
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction ! 
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition . 
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell . 
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone . 
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that . 
it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . " 
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ? 
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
lurid and less than lucid work . 
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective . 
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
secretary is just too original to be ignored . 
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 
there's . . . an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . 
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again . 
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
it drowns in sap . 
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 
we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her . 
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
proves that some movie formulas don't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie . 
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland . 
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better . 
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety . 
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers . 
it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 
michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes . 
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish . 
what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
should have been someone else-
sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot . 
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . 
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment . 
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . 
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . 
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish . 
thoroughly enjoyable . 
viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising . 
don't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life . 
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured . 
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
there's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duracin
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . 
as a film director , labute continues to improve . 
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play . 
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
often likable , but just as often it's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine . 
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing . 
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull . 
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate . 
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way . 
 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough . 
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand . 
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side . 
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine . 
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year . 
bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it . 
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok . 
[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . 
long time dead ? not nearly long enough . 
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence . 
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . 
incoherence reigns . 
'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune . 
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
ararat feels like a book report
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring . 
finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie . 
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . 
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes . 
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated . 
[a] painfully flat gross-out comedy . . . 
it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . 
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ? 
robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows . 
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . . 
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
the film's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . it's just filler . 
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives . 
psychologically savvy . 
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu . 
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
a tasty slice of droll whimsy . 
most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
jir hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . . 
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
a wonderful character-based comedy . 
it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning . 
with elements cribbed from lang's metropolis , welles' kane , and eisenstein's potemkin , the true wonder of rintar's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own . 
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages . 
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system . 
 . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
one of [herzog's] least inspired works . 
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer . 
some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain . 
i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outr sexual practice . 
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't . 
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team . 
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first . 
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . . 
a model of what films like this should be like . 
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull . 
madonna still can't act a lick . 
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work . 
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isn't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 
 . . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
a well-acted , but one-note film . 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 
i admired this work a lot . 
 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . 
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 
 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ? 
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
a melancholy , emotional film . 
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing . 
the film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end . 
i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s . 
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new . 
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
idiotic and ugly . 
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity . 
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net . 
it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks . 
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds . 
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad . 
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
overall very good for what it's trying to do . 
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism . 
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
what an embarrassment . 
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 
director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger . 
doesn't add up to much . 
there's no clear picture of who killed bob crane . but here's a glimpse at his life . 
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental . 
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
good-naturedly cornball sequel . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 
the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 
like a south-of-the-border melrose place . 
extremely bad . 
paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle . 
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due . 
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 
 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
