arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces . 
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out . 
the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength . 
lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson's book , which is a treasure in and of itself . 
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . . 
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions . 
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances . 
irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy . 
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like " divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , " except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better . 
post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
smothered by its own solemnity . 
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense . 
dense , exhilarating documentary . 
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
caso voc sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do trmino da projeo , no se preocupe : ningum lhe enviar penas simbolizando covardia . 
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too . 
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length . 
goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again . 
if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid . 
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance . 
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . 
it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire . 
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
what goes on for the 110 minutes of " panic room " is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . 
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself . 
it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood . 
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic . 
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious . 
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life . 
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
there is so much plodding sensitivity . 
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
 . . . it's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 
it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited . 
below is well below expectations . 
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted . 
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production . 
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer . 
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
truly terrible . 
hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department . 
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
mildly entertaining . 
a tour de force of modern cinema . 
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling . 
 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish . 
i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable . 
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion . 
[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now . 
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 
halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cinema , but it isn't nearly as terrible as it cold have been . 
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
it's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that's often written off as indie film naturalism . 
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you . 
if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together . 
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . 
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments . 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley's film lacks balance . . . and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 
its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . 
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 
nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . 
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 
a well-executed spy-thriller . 
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates . 
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 
mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . 
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
a warm , funny , engaging film . 
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear . 
one of the greatest films i've ever seen . 
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
[a] mess . 
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
 . . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook . 
i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
charming , if overly complicated . . . 
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film . 
este  apenas mais um ( longo ) episdio do programa da mtv . a nica diferena  que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker . 
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . 
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ? 
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters . 
the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
it's splash without the jokes . 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
a crisp psychological drama [and] a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old " twilight zone " episode . 
[ " take care of my cat " ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . 
an enthralling , entertaining feature . 
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
surprisingly powerful and universal . 
that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year . 
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story . 
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
boring and meandering . 
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut . 
too slow , too long and too little happens . 
not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . 
more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . 
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head . 
a dreadful live-action movie . 
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher . 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that . 
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful clich in the book at this nonsensical story . 
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 
darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
buy popcorn . take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " . 
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense . 
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling . 
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . but it's worth the concentration . 
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi . 
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ? 
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
an escapist confection that's pure entertainment . 
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre . 
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
bartlett's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary . 
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich . 
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
the stories here suffer from the chosen format . 
it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby's main overall flaw . 
 . . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 
the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 
people cinema at its finest . 
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . 
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , " orange county " is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
it's not just a feel-good movie , it's a feel movie . you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . 
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke . 
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no . 
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously . 
it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . 
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open . 
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome . 
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version . 
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 
try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 
amazingly dopey . 
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away . 
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
oddly compelling . 
i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment . 
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past . 
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them . 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
you don't need to know your ice-t's from your cool-j's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . 
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . 
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling . 
it may not be history  but then again , what if it is ?  but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made . 
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . 
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
phoned-in business as usual . 
 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin . 
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
 . . . rogers's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
 . . . a well-observed and disturbing little movie
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs  a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story  but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone . 
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
it's not original enough . 
'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
what makes the movie work  to an admittedly limited extent  is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff and demi moore's the scarlet letter . 
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it's no glance . it's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you're getting its metaphysical point . 
disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients . 
wise and deadpan humorous . 
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder . 
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . 
huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
brisk hack job . 
an awfully good , achingly human picture . 
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry . 
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing . 
 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness . 
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying . 
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making . 
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this . 
humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way . 
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
parker holds true to wilde's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness . 
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake . 
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 
 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting . 
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
terrible . 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men . 
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives . 
the action clichs just pile up . 
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 
 . . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . " 
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair . 
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . 
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants . 
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit . 
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort . 
although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull . 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half . 
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave . 
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective . 
moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
[a] stale retread of the '53 original . 
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . 
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother . 
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind . 
these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance . 
jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it . 
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 
hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear . 
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash . 
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing . 
let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
 . . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
it's never dull and always looks good . 
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 
overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ? 
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled . 
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys . 
has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual . 
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch . 
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose . 
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
at once half-baked and overheated . 
 . . . stale and uninspired . 
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy . 
[u]nrelentingly stupid . 
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these . 
o ltimo suspeito ganha fora ao tambm funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar . 
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
a negligible british comedy . 
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right . 
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 
'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
like leon , it's frustrating and still oddly likable . 
haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen . 
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis . 
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman . 
funny and touching . 
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster . 
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy . 
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless . 
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving . 
playfully profound . . . and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows . 
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama . 
 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
it's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
escapism in its purest form . 
it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while . 
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent . 
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . 
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics . 
the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 
jeffrey tambor's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy . 
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror . 
all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs . 
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other . 
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 
often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself . 
 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
for the most part , it's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions . 
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance . 
[creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
holden caulfield did it better . 
more of a career curio than a major work . 
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . 
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab . 
the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' . 
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 
sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramticos para arrancar lgrimas do espectador , o pianista  um filme triste sem que , para isso , precise ser emocionante . 
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing . 
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn . 
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . 
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging . 
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party . 
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
it is definitely worth seeing . 
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
leigh makes these lives count . and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 
doesn't really add up to much . 
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
draggin' about dragons
godawful boring slug of a movie . 
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue . 
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
 . . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take . 
beautifully produced . 
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy . 
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death . 
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
graas s interaes entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se no apenas uma histria divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguio , mas tambm um belo estudo de personagens . 
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world . 
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memria . 
 . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work . 
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
 . . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
 . . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope . 
it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation . 
cusack's just brilliant in this . 
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy . 
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year . 
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic . 
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency . 
touch ! 
 . . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor . 
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material . 
 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a rsum loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . " 
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . 
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . 
 . . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy . 
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations . 
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . 
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos . 
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture . 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000
it's up to you to decide whether to admire these people's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life . 
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course . 
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile . 
god is great , the movie's not . 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism . 
it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 
full of surprises . 
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
 . . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance . 
 . . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observacin de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones . 
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first . 
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
an often unfunny romp . 
no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences . 
 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
 " white oleander , " the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material . 
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious . 
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube . 
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel . 
grating and tedious . 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them . 
o timo esforo do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos so explicados . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
passable entertainment , but it's the kind of motion picture that won't make much of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards . 
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed . 
gently humorous and touching . 
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time . 
one thing's for sureif george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole . 
the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura . 
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale . 
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . 
ecks this one off your must-see list . 
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 
like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper . 
[an] hilarious romantic comedy . 
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels . 
if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies . 
kinnear gives a tremendous performance . 
despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is amy's self-absorbed personality -- amy's o's honesty will win you over . 
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 
the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie . 
in between all the emotional seesawing , it's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . but they fascinate in their recklessness . 
tends to plod . 
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget . 
how do you spell clich ? 
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension . 
 . . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done . 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
illuminating if overly talky documentary . 
norton holds the film together . 
 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
a stylistic romp that's always fun to watch . 
at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts . 
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
simplistic , silly and tedious . 
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor . 
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning . 
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world . 
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
has the feel of an unedited personal journal . 
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster . 
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but can't afford the $20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering . 
just a bloody mess . 
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love . 
the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned . 
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless . 
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie . 
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video . 
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project . 
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense . 
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
crikey indeed . 
too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 
 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence . 
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
cold , nervy and memorable . 
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 
a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 
'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
well-meant but unoriginal . 
as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 
the film is flat . 
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance . 
mild , meandering teen flick . 
michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . . 
a three-hour cinema master class . 
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place . 
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief . 
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . 
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
there's an energy to y tu mam tambin . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected . 
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . wait for video -- and then don't rent it . 
norton is magnetic as graham . 
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone . 
a very funny movie . 
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't . 
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer . 
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak . 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable . 
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
 . . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . 
a sometimes tedious film . 
hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
made by jackasses for jackasses . 
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie . 
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
has all the depth of a wading pool . 
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign . 
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 
 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye . 
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace . 
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically . 
sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks . 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one . 
 . . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years . 
egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit . 
it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ? 
this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen . 
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
a charmer from belgium . 
returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age . 
don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
it's stylishly directed with verve . . . 
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
a work of astonishing delicacy and force . 
cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it . 
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one . 
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances . 
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
 . . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are . 
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry . 
the film grows on you . and how . 
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time . 
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight . 
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . for me , this opera isn't a favorite , so it's a long time before the fat lady sings . 
what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point . 
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . 
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense . 
contrived pastiche of caper clichs . 
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . 
worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'
uno de los policiales ms interesantes de los ltimos tiempos . 
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
 . . . a rather bland affair . 
the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
 . . . a solid , unassuming drama . 
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented . 
it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . 
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
 " feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
a lame comedy . 
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic . 
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal . 
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that doesn't mean you won't like looking at it . 
impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be . 
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir . 
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women . 
i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film . 
eerily accurate depiction of depression . 
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake . 
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation . 
nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle . 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game . 
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience . 
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you . 
it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part . 
like kubrick , soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods . 
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next . 
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose . 
 . . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness . 
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping . 
it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald's , let alone some savvy street activism . 
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9  weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " . 
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 
its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen . 
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere . 
what's not to like about a movie with a 'children's' song that includes the line 'my stepdad's not mean , he's just adjusting' ? 
like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism . 
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery . 
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise . 
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education . 
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom . 
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
 . . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this " un-bear-able " project ! 
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career . 
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well . 
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity . 
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
the film may appear naked in its narrative form . . . but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
an impeccable study in perversity . 
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
a well-put-together piece of urban satire . 
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
 " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
terminally brain dead production . 
one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . but as a movie , it's a humorless , disjointed mess . 
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . 
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs . 
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . . 
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 
i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problemit's supposed to be a drama . 
like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
malcolm mcdowell is cool . paul bettany is cool . paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ? cool . 
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters . 
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
it's just rather leaden and dull . 
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique . 
