chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
if you want to see a train wreck that you can't look away from , then look no further , because here it is . 
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it . 
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs . 
imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas ! 
i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man . 
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 
fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital . 
no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuao , harold ramis deve ter sado da cama com o p esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme tambm . 
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . 
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 
a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids . 
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them . 
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . 
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad . 
an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want . 
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 
sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony . 
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere . 
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy . 
an awful snooze . 
having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 
can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile . 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie . 
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 
the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire . 
 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
there's a lot to recommend read my lips . 
arty gay film . 
[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 
a bit of an unwieldy mess . 
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
 . . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride . 
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst . 
the culmination of everyone's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form [in " last dance " ] . 
matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore . 
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
i'm just too bored to care . 
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart . 
it's just a little too self-satisfied . 
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen . 
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
horrible
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing . 
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity . 
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 
the central story lacks punch . 
clever but not especially compelling . 
warmed-over hash . 
a fun ride . 
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) . 
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 
a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise . 
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized . 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create . 
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it . 
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve . 
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash . 
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas . 
tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review . 
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor . 
refreshing . 
a flawed but engrossing thriller . 
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? i didn't think so . 
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources , bad mixture
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 
insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years ! 
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face . 
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance . 
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else . 
i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
a moving and important film . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick for that matter . 
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 
what's most striking about this largely celebratory film . . . is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world . 
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
a weird and wonderful comedy . 
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency . 
a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort . 
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book . 
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
first-time director joo pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 
though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed . 
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent . 
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial . 
consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun . 
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either . 
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and clich . 
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one . 
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point . 
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive . 
we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 
it's one long bore . 
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness . 
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre . 
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever . 
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
never comes together as a coherent whole . 
it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan . 
there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . 
instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy . 
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here . 
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
it's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . 
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
never [sinks] into exploitation . 
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
everything is off . 
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki est realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algn tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quin sabe dnde lo tiene escondido . '
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
 . . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down . 
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 
'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo mstico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensacin de inconformidad que hace pensar ms de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' . 
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , [harris] brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . 
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich left unsaid . 
the story . . . is moldy and obvious . 
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness . 
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting . 
there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
disjointed parody . 
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
this is no " waterboy ! " 
it's exactly what you'd expect . 
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 
it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features . 
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . 
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . 
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre . 
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue . 
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess . 
it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
polished , well-structured film . 
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 
dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart . 
it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 
a well-crafted letdown . 
 . . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry . 
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles . 
special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
a smart little indie . 
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
brave and sweetly rendered love story . 
entertaining enough , but nothing new
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel . 
[a] poorly executed comedy . 
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference . 
occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective . 
replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing . 
if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind . 
it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant . 
if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film . 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . 
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . 
one of the best movies of the year . 
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it . 
it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 
it represents better-than-average movie-making that doesn't demand a dumb , distracted audience . 
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . " 
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 
'interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clsico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador . '
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow . 
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
fairly run-of-the-mill . 
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
two hours fly by -- opera's a pleasure when you don't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated . 
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation . 
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction . 
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor . 
 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
kinnear doesn't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth . 
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
 i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint . 
collapses under its own meager weight . 
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook . 
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook . 
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor . 
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 
the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 
 the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well . 
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration . 
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 
katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there . 
everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
intriguing and stylish . 
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler . 
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot . 
nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen . 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
 . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . . 
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing . 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time . 
it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true . 
 " men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ? 
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' . 
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future . 
lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
it took 19 predecessors to get this ? 
dismally dull sci-fi comedy . 
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 
 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance . 
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed . 
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . 
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 
rates an 'e' for effort -- and a 'b' for boring . 
from the opening strains of the average white band's " pick up the pieces " , you can feel the love . 
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock . 
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity . 
 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force . 
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 
 " me without you " is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades . 
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
a complete waste of time . 
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language . 
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick . 
ultimately , " mib ii " succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless . 
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears . 
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichs and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block . 
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie . 
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it . 
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 
don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . 
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
there is no insight into the anguish of heidi's life -- only a depiction of pain , today's version of greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate . 
it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
star wars is back in a major way . 
the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts . 
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes . 
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 
if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans . 
an empty , purposeless exercise . 
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
 . . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief . 
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it . 
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 
 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
my reaction in a word : disappointment . his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it . 
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids . 
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
hard to resist . 
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun . 
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy . 
bart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug . 
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
one from the heart . 
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . 
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 . 
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors . 
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance . 
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image . 
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score . 
'almodvar logra un filme entraable , lleno de compasin , comprensin , amor , amistad , esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable . '
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life . 
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower . 
[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
demands too much of most viewers . 
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 
a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 
the very definition of what critics have come to term an " ambitious failure . " 
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
odd and weird . 
a long-winded , predictable scenario . 
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations . 
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . 
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels . 
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 
it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality . 
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 . 
even the digressions are funny . 
 . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period . 
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . 
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
 " . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . " 
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . 
visually striking and viscerally repellent . 
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not . 
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable . 
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe . 
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable . 
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have . 
it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds . 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
a lovely film for the holiday season . 
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
uneven but a lot of fun . 
one of the worst films of 2002 . 
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 
serious and thoughtful . 
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling . 
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun . 
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there's no saving the movie . sorry , charlie
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 . 
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't . 
one of the most original american productions this year , you'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it . 
the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
every note rings false . 
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters . 
the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment . 
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad . 
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda . 
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you . 
a frustrating 'tweener' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 
one long string of cliches . 
[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way . 
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience . 
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu . 
brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor . 
[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not . 
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . 
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 
it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion . 
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands . 
beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 
often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored . 
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' performances . 
amazingly lame . 
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen . 
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring . 
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless . 
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ? 
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . 
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense . 
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 
a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a direct-to-video' release . 
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap . 
thanks to the chteau's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be . 
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
the chteau would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . 
in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process . 
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 
lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name . 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
the date movie that franz kafka would have made . 
consistently clever and suspenseful . 
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke . 
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
pretty good little movie . 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much . 
it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom . 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 
very predictable but still entertaining
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition . 
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . 
reassuring , retro uplifter . 
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
the film is strictly routine . 
it doesn't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . it still feels like a prison stretch . 
topkapi this is not . 
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 
apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director , y apuestas bien fundadas , pues la suerte ya la tiene , y la cinta lo comprueba . . . . 
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues . 
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
puportedly " based on true events , " a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is " based on a true story " with a straight face . 
bourne , jason bourne . he can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he'll get the girl . he's super spy ! 
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it . 
too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
just not campy enough
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it . 
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
 . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout . 
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity . 
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse . 
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market . 
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdo do trocadilho ) , no h como negar o brilhantismo da argumentao de seu diretor . 
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
a wonderful , ghastly film . 
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers . 
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent . 
though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script . 
i just loved every minute of this film . 
nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age . 
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan . 
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment . 
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental 'picture shows . '
myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another . 
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 
it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly . 
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders . 
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 
it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way . 
flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway . 
a thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 
a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
 " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
 . . . one of the more influential works of the 'korean new wave' . 
 . . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is . 
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 
sly , sophisticated and surprising . 
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect . 
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen . 
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 
it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on . 
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 
sweet and memorable film . 
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 
by turns very dark and very funny . 
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked . 
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . 
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values . 
little more than a frothy vanity project . 
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey . 
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women . 
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame . 
opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 
the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved . 
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . 
frenetic but not really funny . 
skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
it is a likable story , told with competence . 
anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher . 
the komediant is a tale worth catching . 
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 
 . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs . 
this thing is just garbage . 
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall . 
while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal . 
a grating , emaciated flick . 
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished . 
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh . 
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian . 
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday . 
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 
as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable . 
 " frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
 " roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . " 
it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality . 
this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . 
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here . 
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
red dragon " never cuts corners . 
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories . 
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
insightfully written , delicately performed
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about . 
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance . 
it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . . 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal . 
there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . 
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 
maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this . 
fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp . 
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility . 
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well . 
once you get into its rhythm . . . the movie becomes a heady experience . 
fantastic ! 
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
long after you leave justine , you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean . 
sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . . 
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble . 
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half . 
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
a pretentious mess . 
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication . 
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres . 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story . 
victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring . 
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops . 
shallow . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . 
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters . 
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable . 
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted . 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship . 
a movie of riveting power and sadness . 
at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be . 
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i'd expected it to be . 
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining . 
the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper . 
the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt . 
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 
degenerates into hogwash . 
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it . 
ms sarcstica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos . 
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements . 
no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go . 
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
generic thriller junk . teens only . 
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases . 
a sequel that's much too big for its britches . 
despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 
it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that . 
i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . 
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . . 
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 
the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives " mothman " an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast . 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . 
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished . 
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
predictably melodramatic . 
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
it's just plain boring . 
mediocre fable from burkina faso . 
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has . 
 " what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia . 
the cold turkey would've been a far better title . 
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest . 
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
aan opportunity wasted . 
strange it is , but delightfully so . 
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year . 
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 
insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever . 
