this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmmmight i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
 . . . unbearably lame . 
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment . 
neatly constructed thriller . 
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer . 
both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
ah-nuld's action hero days might be over . 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
 . . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn . 
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 
troubling and powerful . 
dramatically lackluster . 
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 
 . . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . 
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom . 
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force . 
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but don't be fooled : nobody deserves any prizes here . 
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
[while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today . 
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
huppert's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women's augustine . 
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide . 
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates . 
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due . 
the gags are often a stitch . 
morvern rocks . 
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . 
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale . 
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce . 
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps . 
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
a wildly entertaining scan of evans' career . 
as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records . 
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover . 
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy . 
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing . 
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
both deeply weird and charmingly dear . 
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . 
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago . 
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . 
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath . it's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it's only acting . 
un thriller manqu qui tombe sur les nerfs presque ds la premire image . 
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters . 
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs . 
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun . 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions . 
the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style . 
it's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to . 
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . 
is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun . 
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . 
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce . 
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power . 
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar . 
formula 51 is so trite that even yu's high-energy action stylings can't break through the stupor . 
too simple for its own good . 
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did . 
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
moving and vibrant . 
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . 
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . 
hey , who else needs a shower ? 
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self . 
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience . 
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie . 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
a very average science fiction film . 
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
don't waste your money . 
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence . 
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man's right to raise his own children . 
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 
there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it . 
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war . 
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke . 
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
it's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene . 
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 
whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting . 
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
both damning and damned compelling . 
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave . 
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one . 
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . 
poetic , heartbreaking . 
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes . 
whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
if only it were , well , funnier . 
birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honor ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
the story's pathetic and the gags are puerile . 
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless . 
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made . 
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth . 
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire . 
for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out . 
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh . 
leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom . 
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 
japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
a film of quiet power . 
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a " 2 " at the end of its title . 
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin . 
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi . 
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie's rude and crude humor . 
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets . 
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 
to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
 . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 
abysmally pathetic
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in 'baran . '
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm . 
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic . 
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor . 
the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff . 
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper . 
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief . 
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . 
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones . 
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives . 
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
a film that loses sight of its own story . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation . 
ranks among willams' best screen work . 
it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose . 
it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen . 
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession . 
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters . 
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera . 
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters . 
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough . 
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 
highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing . 
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste . 
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
a film that will enthrall the whole family . 
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the 'are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s . 
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 
all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear . 
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
exciting documentary . 
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most 'right-thinking' films . 
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
girls gone wild and gone civil again
 . . . a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch . 
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in years . 
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 
it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process . 
if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ? 
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped em together here . 
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth . 
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most . 
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute . 
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with . 
it's made with deftly unsettling genre flair . 
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes . 
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness . 
 " freaky friday , " it's not . 
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
just one bad idea after another . 
the old-world- meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater . 
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film . 
 . . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original . 
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down . 
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of " the isle " you'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else . 
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory . 
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
a less-than-thrilling thriller . 
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 
there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece . 
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 
 . . . quite endearing . 
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
the thrill is ( long ) gone . 
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas . 
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman . 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
if you're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . personally , i'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . 
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
fails to bring as much to the table . 
pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . 
the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip . 
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions  disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
after the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go . 
[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . 
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy . 
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle . 
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension . 
i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here . 
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; " frailty " leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail . 
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . 
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 
an impressive hybrid . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . anyone else seen this before ? 
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come . 
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance . 
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 
salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 
[taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb . 
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations . 
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care . 
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution . 
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists . 
[t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . . 
if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood . 
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them . 
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate . 
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true . 
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose's performance . 
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes . 
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
spare but quietly effective retelling . 
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear . 
the movie is ingenious fun . see it . 
the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care . 
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong . 
 . . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory . 
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 
there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority . 
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . 
the thing about guys like evans is this : you're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you're too interested to care . 
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies . 
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail . 
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically . 
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material . 
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you . 
a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy . 
denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . 
been there done that . 
el peso de un lquido incoloro , el peso del lquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . . 
calculated swill . 
the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
it's not life-affirming  its vulgar and mean , but i liked it . 
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . 
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women . 
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they'd earn . they were right . 
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . 
 " it's all about the image . " 
nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
candid camera on methamphetamines . 
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
this is a truly , truly bad movie . 
an intoxicating experience . 
it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the filmit was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start . 
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters . 
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
a conventional but heartwarming tale . 
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
one funny popcorn flick . 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
it's definitely a step in the right direction . 
while guzmn frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable . 
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another . 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz . 
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith . 
amid the clich and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn . 
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . 
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping . 
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 
it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing . 
eh . 
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one . 
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel . 
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting . 
the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness . 
exhilarating but blatantly biased . 
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them . 
it's fun , but a psychological mess , with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet . 
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours . 
even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort . 
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences . 
it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
stale , futile scenario . 
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims . 
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
the pianist is polanski's best film . 
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . 
parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach . 
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous . 
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
a tone poem of transgression . 
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller . 
you just know something terrible is going to happen . but when it does , you're entirely unprepared . 
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
lead actress ga , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters . 
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
best described as i know what you did last winter . 
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . 
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining . 
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . 
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
it is nature against progress . in fessenden's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale . 
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has . 
 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) . 
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin . 
foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . 
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
for dance completists only . 
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
you won't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all . 
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny . 
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle . 
'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad . 
this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson . 
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 
 . . . a roller-coaster ride of a movie
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now . 
every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least--annoying , isn't it ? 
some episodes work , some don't . 
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
i couldn't recommend this film more . 
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? 
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy . 
lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart . 
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull . 
 . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . 
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
a deep and meaningful film . 
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock . 
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were . 
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn . 
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company . 
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow . 
maryam is more timely now than ever . 
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
it never fails to engage us . 
worth a look as a curiosity . 
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules . 
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
it's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it's brilliant . 
doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up . 
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 . 
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character . 
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show . 
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life . 
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york . 
sleek and arty . 
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way . 
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it . 
there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
an exhilarating experience . 
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression . 
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich . 
me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet and sophistication . 
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 
it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire . 
best indie of the year , so far . 
it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
 . . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict . 
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation . 
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane . 
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending . 
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending . 
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions . 
almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . . 
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot . 
although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift . 
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 
 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . 
a pleasing , often-funny comedy . 
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans . 
the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 
the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
 . . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 
it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter nss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny . 
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 
 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous . 
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
an original little film about one young woman's education . 
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments . 
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? 
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory . 
 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . 
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet . 
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
some movies blend together as they become distant memories . mention " solaris " five years from now and i'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . 
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb . 
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry . 
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
one of the worst movies of the year . 
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love . 
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee . 
its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for . 
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production . 
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent . 
i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . 
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza . 
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer . 
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable . 
broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 
the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence . 
to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending . 
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . 
good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds . 
largely a for-fans artifact . 
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such . 
disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem . 
what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this . 
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry . 
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . 
light , cute and forgettable . 
it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
an asian neo-realist treasure . 
releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 
so clichd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart . 
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichs that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut . 
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
it just didn't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . 
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 
a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
there's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality . 
bearable . barely . 
 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . 
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen . 
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
there are moments of hilarity to be had . 
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . 
[an] absorbing documentary . 
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid . 
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 
graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . 
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
veret has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails . 
i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . 
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not . 
 ( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk . 
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear . 
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
 . . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
a genuine mind-bender . 
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate . i admit it , i hate to like it . 
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film . 
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful . 
if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic . 
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 
if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right . 
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions . 
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
a big fat pain . 
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them . 
allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining . 
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
ferrara's best film in years . 
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions . 
could have been crisper and punchier , but it's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . 
both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving . 
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down . 
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . 
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . 
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy . 
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic ! 
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco . . . 
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture . 
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
the film oozes craft . 
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song . 
very stupid and annoying . 
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama . 
showtime is closer to slowtime . 
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
 . . . a lesson in prehistoric hilarity . 
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen . 
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
spare yet audacious . . . 
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
what i saw , i enjoyed . 
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
more tiring than anything . 
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide . 
i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool . 
if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and probably want to see it twice . i will be . 
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool . 
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic . 
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart . 
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor . 
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power . 
