a lot smarter than your average bond . 
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed . 
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey . 
i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
the fourth " pokemon " is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance . 
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
 . . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation . 
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 
witless and utterly pointless . 
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x . 
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
a true pleasure . 
deliciously slow . 
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation . 
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting . 
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point . 
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic . 
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
strange and beautiful film . 
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though . 
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 
charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens . 
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted . 
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
[the film's] taste for " shock humor " will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . 
 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests . 
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy . 
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . 
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
it's a charming and often affecting journey . 
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement . 
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage . 
it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment . 
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice . 
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
 " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
en s mismo el rey len es un espectculo digno de contemplarse en cine , dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral ; pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal . 
murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
lacks depth . 
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . 
a gentle and engrossing character study . 
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude . 
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities . 
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience . 
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing . 
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given . 
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a 'bad' police shooting . 
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone . 
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off . 
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
 . . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet . 
an extremely unpleasant film . 
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride . 
pray has really done his subject justice . 
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps . 
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . it must be in the genes . 
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional . 
a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move . 
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
duvall is strong as always . 
don't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle . 
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 
old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 
when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper . 
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth . 
the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release . 
manages to delight without much of a story . 
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional . 
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey . 
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now . 
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking . 
it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 
fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 
it tells more than it shows . 
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 
you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human . 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 
there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia . 
it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title . 
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special . 
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . 
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 
i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold . 
apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter . 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 
jones . . . does offer a brutal form of charisma . 
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections . 
shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
intriguing and downright intoxicating . 
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichs disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn . 
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling . 
a true-blue delight . 
if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck . 
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation . 
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
 ( a ) hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohman's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . . 
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion . 
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality . 
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . 
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . 
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
'aunque recurre a ciertos clichs del gnero , la poderosa actuacin de robin williams perdona las fallas del guin . '
one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken . 
 . . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . . 
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it . 
witless but watchable . 
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent . 
 . . . the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 
exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid . 
it's a treat  a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun . 
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video . 
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 
the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy . 
renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else . 
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it's all over his chelsea walls . 
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals . 
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . it's painful . 
it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 
 . . . overly melodramatic . . . 
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . 
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them . 
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
unfortunately , carvey's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 
this isn't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work . 
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash . 
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . 
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
entertains by providing good , lively company . 
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity . 
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius . 
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
 . . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core . 
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
low comedy doesn't come much lower . 
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film . 
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
 . . . a true delight . 
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays . 
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
thoroughly awful . 
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy . 
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 
an intriguing near-miss . 
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 
it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . 
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise . 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives . 
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original . 
most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth . 
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller . 
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking . 
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 
together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes . 
a vivid cinematic portrait . 
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price . 
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest . 
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings . 
 . . . less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution . 
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 
marinated in clichs and mawkish dialogue . 
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too . 
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 
an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . 
what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos . 
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss . 
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel . 
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 
[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks . 
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble . 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians . 
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option . 
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ? 
conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
the performances take the movie to a higher level . 
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth . 
knows how to make our imagination wonder . 
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
a classy , sprightly spin on film . 
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 
none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
as vulgar as it is banal . 
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
 . . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges . 
a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns . 
 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for . 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me . 
a little too pat for its own good . 
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
it's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 
 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over . 
 . . . one resurrection too many . 
a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay ! 
 . . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . . 
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . 
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren . 
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) . 
with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 . 
everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
os problemas tm incio a partir do momento em que samos do cinema e comeamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver .  ento que sinais realmente desaponta . 
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . 
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained . 
ihops don't pile on this much syrup . 
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
an unclassifiably awful study in self- and audience-abuse . 
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind . 
eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
a decidedly mixed bag . 
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface . 
the movie bounces all over the map . 
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . 
 . . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume . 
not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs . 
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
cinematic poo . 
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one . 
martin scorsese cria um espetculo visual que no possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio . 
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking . 
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory . 
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary . 
it's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be . but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds . 
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise . 
kinnear's performance is a career-defining revelation . 
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he's got as potent a topic as ever here . 
it would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in talk to her , the women are down for the count . 
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise . 
ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate . 
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . 
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 
a moving , if uneven , success . 
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 
light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow . 
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring . 
i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers . 
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots . 
try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie . 
a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations . 
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers . 
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist . 
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks " the four feathers " bare . 
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man's ruin may be another's fortune . 
when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 
renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . 
it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world . 
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics . 
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney . 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed . 
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold . 
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair . 
 . . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise . 
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning . 
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 
a loquacious and dreary piece of business . 
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment . 
when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
a portrait of an artist . 
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie . 
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny . 
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room . 
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best . 
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it . 
promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 
[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . 
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences . 
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv . 
it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world . 
nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . 
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 
for all its problems . . . the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring . . . which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective . 
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 
all in all , a great party . 
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it . 
the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements . 
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 
there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys . 
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house . 
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy . 
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done . 
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while . 
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 
sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest . 
it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy . 
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings . 
walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment . 
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . 
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who's seen george roy hill's 1973 film , " the sting . " 
in the end , there isn't much to it . 
 . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget . 
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama . 
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy . 
personal velocity has a no-frills docu-dogma plainness , yet miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire . she boxes these women's souls right open for us . 
this is one of the year's best films . 
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
stephen earnhart's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens . 
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
delirious fun . 
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone . 
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets . 
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of " the lord of the rings " trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth . 
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going . 
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values . 
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy . 
enticing and often funny documentary . 
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . 
 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 
 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
 . . . always remains movingly genuine . 
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
a funny film . 
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
 . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
it's quite diverting nonsense . 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective . 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone . 
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
show me the mugging . 
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny . 
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . 
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original . 
if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch . 
much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset . 
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
the film's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that's opened between them . 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum . 
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun . 
you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear . 
it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . 
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
 . . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame . 
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue . 
it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions . 
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
a smart , witty follow-up . 
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichs . 
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle . 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
too much power , not enough puff . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
it's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through . 
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker . 
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 
it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit . 
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better . 
too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay . 
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short . 
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease . 
a witty , whimsical feature debut . 
hollywood's answer to an air ball . 
[a] rare , beautiful film . 
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right . 
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists . 
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over . 
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears . 
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy . 
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . 
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting . 
just plain silly . 
hilarious , acidic brit comedy . 
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . 
let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home . 
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance . 
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie . 
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror . 
[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick . 
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it's supposed to feel funny and light . 
like the best 60 minutes expos , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
it's immensely ambitious , different than anything that's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it's trying to do . 
abderrahmane sissako's heremakono ( waiting for happiness ) is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences . 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors . 
all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags . 
 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space . 
meanders between its powerful moments . 
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story . 
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes . 
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted . 
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
don't even bother to rent this on video . 
most of the action setups are incoherent . 
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching . 
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity . 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest . 
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it . 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair . 
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists . 
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . 
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment . 
we want the funk - and this movie's got it . 
feels untidily honest . 
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli . 
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama . 
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
 . . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know . 
 . . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 
 " bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way . 
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , karen sprecher , don't seem ever to run out of ideas . 
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichs the filmmakers could dredge up . 
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine . 
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain . 
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one . 
kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action . 
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . 
prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle . 
oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring . 
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work . 
 ( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman so complementares . e igualmente fascinantes . 
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking  because you get it . 
you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies . 
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
 . . . too sappy for its own good . 
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations . 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 
a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 
 . . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable . 
brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him . 
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . 
i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology . 
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 
personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 
it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary . 
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte . 
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years . 
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side . 
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie . 
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke . 
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 
press the delete key . 
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
chicago pode at ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como  ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direo contrria  evoluo dos musicais . 
a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
it's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 
 . . . pitiful , slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one . 
one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen's men is finally just one long drag . 
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar . 
stale and clichd to a fault . 
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . . 
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places . 
the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun . 
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . 
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 
even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
a cockeyed shot all the way . 
a respectable but uninspired thriller that's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact . 
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 
maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad . 
deserving of its critical backlash and more . 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
sexy and romantic . 
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign . 
deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film . 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 
one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken . 
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer . 
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre . 
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones . 
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 
secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie . 
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic . 
adaptation is simply brilliant . 
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text  when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again . 
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux . 
a bravura exercise in emptiness . 
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better . 
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age . 
while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that's more interested in asking questions than in answering them . 
 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic . 
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us . 
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichd white-trash situation imaginable . 
not exactly the bees knees
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and joan's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr . 
tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
 . . . the movie is just a plain old monster . 
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
 " antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking . 
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences the chteau is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami . 
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure . 
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye . 
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . 
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ? well worth the time . 
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original . 
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . 
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them . 
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff . 
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley . 
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally . 
[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel . 
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad . 
 . . . hypnotically dull . 
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy . 
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar . 
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told . 
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 
there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl . 
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls . 
the threat implied in the title pokmon 4ever is terrifying  like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick . 
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness . 
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
a charming but slight comedy . 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 
it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 
an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle . 
lejos del paraso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y odos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill . 
