the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not . 
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak . 
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite . 
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt . 
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
 . . . lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar . 
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution . 
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother . 
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast . 
 . . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre . 
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women . 
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun . 
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture . 
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag . 
it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel . 
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! " 
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichs . 
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile . 
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition . 
it's just not very smart . 
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch . 
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy . 
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder . 
what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
 . . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . 
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
includes too much obvious padding . 
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down . 
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin . 
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story . 
more maudlin than sharp . 
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together . 
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth . 
it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . 
 . . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen . 
the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
good , solid storytelling . 
its sheer dynamism is infectious . 
the story has little wit and no surprises . 
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 
the film's real appeal won't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers . 
it all adds up to good fun . 
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape . 
lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie . 
lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 
for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor . 
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd . 
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material . 
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet . 
mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
staggeringly dreadful romance . 
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker . 
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both . 
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . 
maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached . 
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 
sure , it's more of the same , but as the film proves , that's not always a bad thing . 
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror . 
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure . 
harmless fun . 
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead . 
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
[a] rather thinly-conceived movie . 
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out . 
slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
the all-french cast is marveilleux . 
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
i liked this film a lot . . . 
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail . 
transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
catch it . . . if you can ! 
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
a non-mystery mystery . 
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way . 
clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess . 
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers . 
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight ! 
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest . 
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller . 
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion . 
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them . 
what you get with empire is a movie you've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead . 
the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
obvious
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz . 
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless . 
cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be . 
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . 
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
it's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh . 
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
she's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 
it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation . 
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star . 
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes . 
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply . 
barney's ideas about creation and identity don't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour's worth of actual material . 
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick . 
 . . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs . 
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart . 
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray . 
my own minority report is that it stinks . 
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
the movie gets muted and routine . 
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
[newton]wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality . 
 . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 
unwieldy contraption . 
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . 
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
 . . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession . 
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures . 
the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
typical anim , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 
a small movie with a big heart . 
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing . 
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling . 
the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive . 
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies . 
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement . 
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
a typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate french coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it . 
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies . 
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then . 
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . 
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance . 
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers . 
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory . 
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot . 
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding ! 
all mood and no movie . 
it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long . 
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement . 
 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing . 
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
 . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w . 
an opportunity missed . 
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works . 
to the degree that ivans xtc . works , it's thanks to huston's revelatory performance . 
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
the whole affair is as predictable as can be . 
the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away . 
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn . 
thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
 . . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts . 
it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . 
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
 . . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role . 
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel . 
no surprises . 
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . 
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script . 
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit . 
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . 
uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things . 
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence . 
quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
a riveting story well told . 
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
video games are more involving than this mess . 
there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
the cast . . . keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired . 
'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie . 
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail . 
demme's loose approach kills the suspense . 
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
at times , it actually hurts to watch . 
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback's heidegger- and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
feels shrill , simple and soapy . 
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center . 
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work . 
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . 
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings . 
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
genuinely unnerving . 
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust . 
i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 
not a bad journey at all . 
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous ( but with bears , and a g rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure . 
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
quietly engaging . 
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
 . . . a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations . 
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it . 
an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . 
 . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins . 
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
it isn't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems . 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting . 
confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
the characters are based on stock clichs , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) . 
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever . 
director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . 
the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality . 
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down . 
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination . 
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering . 
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? i don't think so . nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . 
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 
truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable . 
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) . 
the result is something quite fresh and delightful . 
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma . 
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind . 
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension . 
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together . 
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults . 
in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
 uma pena que , mais tarde , o prprio filme abandone o tom de pardia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichs que havia satirizado . 
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man . 
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg . 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . 
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be " how does steven seagal come across these days ? " or maybe " how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? 
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is . 
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending . 
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications . 
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance . 
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv . 
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
intimate and panoramic . 
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
it's all surface psychodramatics . 
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality . 
insufferably naive . 
the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground . 
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . 
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act . 
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay . 
el ttulo no engaa : la pelcula narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentar cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . . 
rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy . 
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
did we really need a remake of " charade ? " 
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions . 
it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece . 
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role . 
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it . 
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
boisterous and daft documentary . 
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time . 
the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it . 
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad . 
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru . 
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed . 
this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary . 
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
slick piece of cross-promotion . 
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
smart and taut . 
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . 
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for . 
one can't deny its seriousness and quality . 
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting . 
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller . 
feeble comedy . 
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat . 
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes . 
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 
[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance . 
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
who needs love like this ? 
you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason . 
a beautiful paean to a time long past . 
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious . 
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities . 
ong's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant's experiences in new york city . 
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level . 
the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof . 
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
aggravating and tedious . 
shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive . 
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more . 
just dreadful . i don't blame eddie murphy but shouldn't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic . 
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier . 
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic . 
it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . 
 . . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down  greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . 
a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days . 
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere . 
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides . 
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh . 
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy . 
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating . 
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . we're drawn in by the dark luster . 
it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . 
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
just how these families interact may surprise you . 
an uninspired preachy and clichd war film . 
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure . 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year . 
but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . . 
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 
[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 
there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either . 
beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures . 
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters . 
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one . 
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors . 
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie . 
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind . 
the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . 
bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films . 
the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 
bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any 'reality' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first . 
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine . 
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . 
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw . 
though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
a lovably old-school hollywood confection . 
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 
an imaginative comedy/thriller . 
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him . 
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed . 
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . . 
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
really dumb but occasionally really funny . 
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts . 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story . 
what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 
teen movies have really hit the skids . 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty . 
nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 
sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments . 
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil . 
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad . 
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around . 
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family . 
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company . 
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works . 
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 
it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " . 
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller . 
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line . 
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal . 
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat . 
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather . 
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences . 
 . . . wise and elegiac . . . 
what's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens' deviant behaviour . being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough . 
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun . 
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes . 
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy clich of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings . 
a pleasant romantic comedy . 
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie . 
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career . 
 . . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity . 
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count . 
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale . 
whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it . 
the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going . 
jacquot's tosca is a treat . 
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert . 
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . 
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
a picture as erratic as its central character . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by . 
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ? 
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
it's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 
frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous . 
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . 
the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films . 
bring on the sequel . 
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
a collage of clichs and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of . 
once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard . 
kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world . 
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition . 
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability . 
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department . 
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director . 
despite auteuil's performance , it's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of " intacto's " dangerous and seductively stylish game . 
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 
directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid . 
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 
the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
it's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school . 
the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 . 
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises . 
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum . 
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody . 
there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked . 
 . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot . 
has a solid emotional impact . 
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen . 
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it's a funny no-brainer . 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series . 
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
 " the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat . 
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
 . . . the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . . 
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile . 
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting . 
ok arthouse . the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing didn't get our moral hackles up . 
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character . 
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society . 
feral and uncomfortable . 
[l]ame and unnecessary . 
this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach . 
a worthwhile way to spend two hours . 
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you can't fight your culture . 
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title . 
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again . 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . " 
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
leaks treacle from every pore . 
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . 
despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable . 
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 
'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia flmica imposible de olvidar'
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling . 
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras . 
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet . 
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work . 
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat . 
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original . 
suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form , you'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks' face than his wife is . 
cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate . 
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . 
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
believability wasn't one of the film's virtues . 
mnch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable . 
a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies . 
 " mostly martha " is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see . 
a very capable nailbiter . 
 . . . hokey art house pretension . 
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy . 
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . 
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
a great companion piece to other napoleon films . 
melodrama with a message . 
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins . 
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
poignant and funny . 
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time . 
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes . 
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge . 
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag . . . 
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichs and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera . 
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
[a] slummer . 
must be seen to be believed . 
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 
a incompetncia de marcus adams como roteirista s  superada por sua pssima direo . 
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 
if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - decasia
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description . 
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
interesting , but not compelling . 
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel . 
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson . 
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about . 
the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail . 
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
nothing more than a mediocre trifle . 
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . 
'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 
hardly a film that comes along every day . 
works because reno doesn't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
'what's the russian word for wow ! ? '
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichs . 
watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
tells a fascinating , compelling story . 
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look . 
it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . 
merci pour le movie . 
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ? 
 " looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . 
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film . 
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness . 
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences . 
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood wouldn't have the guts to make . 
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets . 
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten . . . make that three minutes . 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well . 
the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . by the end you can't help but feel 'stoked . '
a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship . 
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about . 
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse . 
as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable . 
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work . 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
a taut , sobering film . 
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing . 
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation . 
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and luca] makes for an arousing good time . 
para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatao da realidade histrica . 
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 
alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl . 
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie . 
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold . 
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature . 
the film delivers not just the full assault of reno's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days . 
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological . 
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied . 
if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee . 
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 
zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight . 
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
an absurdist spider web . 
it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works . 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work . 
[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . 
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
warm and exotic . 
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 
it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos . 
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution . 
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
