trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy . 
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> . 
this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer . 
 in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction . 
robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors . 
it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich . 
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . 
 . . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired . 
has its moments , but it's pretty far from a treasure . 
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort . 
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did . 
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast . 
although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at . 
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes . 
a masterpiece four years in the making . 
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant . 
 . . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 . 
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . 
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna . 
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast . 
a woman's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken . 
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . 
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you . 
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 
it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy ! 
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned . 
this is a superior horror flick . 
many insightful moments . 
 . . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny . 
a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
 . . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno . 
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 
a modest masterpiece . 
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back . 
 . . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
daring and beautifully made . 
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
a relative letdown . 
it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes . 
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
a 'girls gone wild' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation isn't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers aren't removed and inquisitive enough for that . 
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics . 
the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
displaying about equal amounts of naivet , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential . 
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen . 
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often . 
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment . 
 . . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
es una de esas pelculas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido . 
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care . 
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage . 
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining . 
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions . 
there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination . 
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers . 
it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied . 
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action . 
as pedestrian as they come . 
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short . 
while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story . 
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . 
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest . 
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 
borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious . 
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon . 
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 
an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
just watch bettany strut his stuff . you'll know a star when you see one . 
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing . 
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks . 
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries . 
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame . 
a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
 . . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 
call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film . 
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
effective but too-tepid biopic
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth . 
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
a slight but sweet film . 
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss . 
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us . 
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amlie . 
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 
[morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism . 
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one . 
 " its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . " 
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout . 
sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it . 
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness . 
denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord . 
it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 
though it's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans' saga of hollywood excess . 
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort . 
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
a moving picture that does not move . 
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma . 
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone . 
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable . 
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart . 
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity ofemotional recovery . 
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers . 
writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes . 
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious . 
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine . 
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts . 
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character . 
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
denis o'neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others . 
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on bttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . 
pascale bailly's rom-com provides amlie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes . 
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time . 
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony . 
'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con . 
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes . 
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane . 
the film can depress you about life itself . 
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel . 
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
sheridan's take on the author's schoolboy memoir . . . is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up . 
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad . 
both awful and appealing . 
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
a slick , engrossing melodrama . 
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
the film is like sitting in a downtown caf , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance . 
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 
it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap . 
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel . 
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 
it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 
cho's timing is priceless . 
it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all . 
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere . 
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . 
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie . 
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
it's a very valuable film . . . 
it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating . 
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . 
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 
the film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale's antics . 
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
 . . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish . 
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass . 
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best . 
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway . 
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look . 
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
barely gets off the ground . 
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved . 
the performances are an absolute joy . 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes . 
with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame . 
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 
handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl . 
provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . 
an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . 
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 
the film is one of the year's best . 
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling . 
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
y tu mam tambin is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 
[ " safe conduct " ] is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance ! 
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution . 
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program . 
i hate this movie
miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match . 
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were . 
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news . 
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us . 
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
at a time when we've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 
ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes . 
apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka's status as both the primary visual influence on the anim tradition and its defining philosophical conscience . 
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save . 
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 
rarely has a film's title served such dire warning . 
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball . 
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 
a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap . 
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history . 
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists . 
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 
sweet home alabama " is what it is  a nice , harmless date film . . . 
it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull . 
a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
it recycles every clich about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested . 
[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered . 
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . . 
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . . 
as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness . 
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama . 
this time kaufman's imagination has failed him . 
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it's never boring . 
it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family . 
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed . 
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following . 
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing . 
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works . 
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes . 
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true . 
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 
dreary tale of middle-class angst
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything . 
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9  weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things . 
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history . 
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
[macdowell] ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) . 
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater . 
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . 
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
life is a crock -- or something like it . 
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad . 
tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss . 
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit . 
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing . 
 . . . irritating soul-searching garbage . 
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers . 
flat , misguided comedy . 
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
a creaky staircase gothic . 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . 
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 
routine and rather silly . 
 " the best disney movie since the lion king " 
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds . 
jackson is always watchable . 
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 
i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
this new time machine is hardly perfect yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad . 
lightweight but appealing . 
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno . 
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . 
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula . 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
gloriously straight from the vagina . 
it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens . 
isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films . 
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer's block ever . 
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made . 
green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone . 
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . 
it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
the phone rings and a voice tells you you've got seven days left to live . then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isn't back at blockbuster before midnight , you're going to face frightening late fees . o . k . , not really . 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter . 
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 
it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it . 
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan jos campanella's reputation in the united states . 
the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 
starts slowly , but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form . 
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth . 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky . 
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any " jackass " fan could want . 
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . 
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief . 
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare . 
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you . 
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
in its own floundering way , it gets to you . just like igby . 
by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off . 
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less . 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor . 
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 
the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube . 
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical " bedknobs and broomsticks , " which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime . 
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles . 
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but  in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has  ironically - distanced us from the characters . 
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
this is nothing but familiar territory . 
this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is . 
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to don't look back . 
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ? 
crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film . 
the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . 
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . " 
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce . 
spend your benjamins on a matinee . 
for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . 
it's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve . 
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater . 
works as pretty contagious fun . 
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter's imagination . 
it pulls the rug out from under you , just when you're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction . 
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naf's encounter with the world . 
the film's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 
a gem of a movie . 
i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . 
a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . 
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
an ambitious movie that , like shiner's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that don't come off . 
 . . . salaciously simplistic . 
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
it's an awfully derivative story . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
a surprisingly funny movie . 
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 
what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ? 
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century . 
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . 
cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar . 
if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes . 
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . 
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
 . . . really horrible drek . 
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon . 
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
suffers from all the excesses of the genre . 
there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises . 
she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable . 
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved . 
though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
one of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily . 
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer's radio show and his simpson voice-overs . 
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 
it's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness . 
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
if you've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is . 
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . 
comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 
most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
it's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic . 
invincible is a wonderful movie . 
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . 
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath . 
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 
by the time we learn that andrew's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt's coven , we can enjoy it anyway . 
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected . 
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults . 
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . 
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . 
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 
this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned . 
it's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it doesn't offer any insights that haven't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid-'90s . 
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption . 
an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie ! 
it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
 . . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . . 
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear . 
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale . 
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor . 
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial . 
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichs from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness . 
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel . 
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
 . . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 
when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie . 
[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane . 
it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter . 
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you cannot separate them . 
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone . 
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side . 
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . 
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers . 
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed . 
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong . 
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun . 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser . 
 . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door . 
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why . 
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause . 
i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . . 
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
a glorious mess . 
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good . 
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 
fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess . 
the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness  which makes for a terrifying film . 
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world's democracie
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . 
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
like mike is a harmlessly nave slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
cq's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors . 
done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance . 
griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . 
[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . . 
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 
morton deserves an oscar nomination . 
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy . 
ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
absurdities and clichs accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject . 
a marvel like none you've seen . 
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough . 
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
if you're burnt out on it's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you're looking for . it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept . 
the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous . 
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
weird . rewarding . 
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks . 
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 
the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound . 
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges . 
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
creepy , authentic and dark . this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget . 
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
meandering and confusing . 
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
 " collateral damage " goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment  until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom . 
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned . 
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 
the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
too clever by about nine-tenths . 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
it's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time . 
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie . 
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring . 
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman . 
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers . 
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent . 
watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . 
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie . 
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
it's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes . 
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
quite funny for the type of movie it is . . . 
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue . 
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie . 
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 
not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it would be all that interesting . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga . 
a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard ! 
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be . 
together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 
nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . 
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse . 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been . 
adam sandler ! in an art film ! 
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . . 
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul . 
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . 
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver . 
a slick , skillful little horror film . 
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 
is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer . 
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 
this is one of polanski's best films . 
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
audacious-impossible yet compelling . . . 
a high-minded snoozer . 
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . 
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles . 
the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one . 
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie . 
 . . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie . 
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being . 
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece . 
really quite funny . 
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it . 
there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing . 
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
 . . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved . 
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all . 
a bad movie that happened to good actors . 
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
the only thing " swept away " is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make . 
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 
whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria . 
 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit . 
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters . 
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes . 
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable . 
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time . 
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' . 
though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score . 
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
 . . . a confusing drudgery . 
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience . 
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment . 
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down . 
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned . but no . 
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
 . . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 
 . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
 . . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 
 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 
 . . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness . 
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered . 
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less- than-likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler's been attached to before . 
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . . 
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster . 
often hilarious . 
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
less than fresh . 
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 
it's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman . 
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 
i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy . 
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
an extraordinarily silly thriller . 
it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun . 
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement . 
