a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
 ( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 
a muted freak-out
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
this isn't a " friday " worth waiting for . 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence . 
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . but it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle . 
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more . 
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson . 
a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool . 
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started . 
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession  one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
not so much farcical as sour . 
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . 
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 
despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
george clooney proves he's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind . 
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
go see it and enjoy . 
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
lacks dramatic punch and depth . 
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons . 
la de salma es una versin de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningn contenido . 
a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world . 
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
a listless and desultory affair . 
a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter . 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines . 
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
this is really just another genre picture . 
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass . 
the worst film of the year . 
meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't . 
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length . 
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting . 
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 
i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it . 
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind . 
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick . 
a weird , arresting little ride . 
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan . 
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
a potent allegorical love story . 
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags . 
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . 
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
the film's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality . 
the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears . 
though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 
[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them . 
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back . 
the best film of the year 2002 . 
a little better than sorcerer's stone . 
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . 
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . 
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre . 
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling . 
a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank . 
 " what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here . 
the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! " 
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert . 
this film biggest problem ? no laughs . 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
it's hard not to be seduced by [witherspoon's] charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max . 
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back . 
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher . 
[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form . 
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery . 
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
a dreary movie . 
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker . 
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time . 
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . 
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction . 
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle . 
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . . 
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 
you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is . 
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness . 
the performances are remarkable . 
uplifting , funny and wise . 
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
it's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family . 
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much . 
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
i loved the look of this film . 
anemic , pretentious . 
'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrn de orqudeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
even though it's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you can't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company's astonishing growth . 
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in . 
if i spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public . 
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made . 
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud . 
very well-written and very well-acted . 
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension . 
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable . 
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes . 
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch . 
if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not . 
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
a smart , compelling drama . 
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better . 
 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones . 
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
a french film with a more down-home flavor . 
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 
the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one . 
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste . 
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
[reaches] wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair . 
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
plays like john le carr with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood . 
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen . 
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand . 
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 
like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film . 
arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie . 
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air . 
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history . 
 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humorit's just plain bored . 
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult . 
in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
 " birthday girl " is an actor's movie first and foremost . 
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
stay away . far away . 
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
seriously , rent the disney version . 
it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one . 
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks . 
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam . 
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 
whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something . 
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 
it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . 
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
 . . . too dull to enjoy . 
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
from blushing to gushing---imamura squirts the screen in warm water under a red bridge'
it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner . 
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good . 
the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . 
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . 
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . this isn't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend . 
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit . 
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare . 
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 
[a] stuporously solemn film . 
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension . 
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelstrm is just another winter sleepers . 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender  and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 
a tremendous piece of work . 
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
the plot's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . 
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . 
it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 
for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
 " cremaster 3 " should come with the warning " for serious film buffs only ! " 
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist . 
a workshop mentality prevails . 
it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match . 
if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved . 
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense . 
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable . 
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
slight but enjoyable documentary . 
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do . 
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet ! 
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills . 
it's as close as we'll ever come to looking through a photographer's viewfinder as he works . 
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families . 
a compelling film . 
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead . 
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . 
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 
doesn't amount to much of anything . 
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film . 
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay's sappier elements . . . and sustains off the hook's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer . 
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end . 
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off . 
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism . 
one lousy movie . 
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
it treats women like idiots . 
 . . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games . 
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
visually captivating . 
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread . 
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 
it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
not even the hanson brothers can save it
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
no way i can believe this load of junk . 
you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 
while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
a tasty masala . 
no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . 
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy . 
 . . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war . 
it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything . 
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray . 
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check . 
on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt . 
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . 
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions . 
all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 . 
if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year . 
it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 
an enjoyable experience . 
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . 
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent . 
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox's work . 
the story really has no place to go since simone is not realshe can't provide any conflict . 
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 
 . . . a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
slap me , i saw this movie . 
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
 . . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments . 
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale  as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters . 
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . 
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast . 
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . 
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk . 
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba . 
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
roman polanski's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than 'shindler's list' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . 
it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career . 
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create . 
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
 " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either . 
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . 
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that . 
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs . 
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either . 
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 
'this movie sucks . '
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
nice piece of work . 
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . 
too close to phantom menace for comfort . 
 . . . has virtually no script at all . . . 
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle . 
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 
an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food . 
this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 
circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas . 
 . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . 
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast . 
it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 
boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro . 
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny . 
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold . 
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year . . . a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that isn't afraid to admit it doesn't have all the answers . 
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as [jason bourne] . 
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point . 
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story . 
it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell . 
lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with . 
[woo's] most resonant film since the killer . 
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate . 
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 
i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . 
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative . 
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 
broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case . 
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . 
 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra . 
 . . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight . 
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 
 . . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
something must have been lost in the translation . 
[fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
wishy-washy . 
 . . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not . 
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
garca bernal and talancn are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out . 
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing . 
 . . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism . 
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks . 
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards . 
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy . 
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
death might be a release . 
a good thriller . 
complex , affecting and uniquely almodvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong . 
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home . 
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 
 " extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
highly engaging . 
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture . 
banal and predictable . 
 . . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original . 
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining . 
feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot . 
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buuel retrospective . 
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses . 
 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 " black and white portable tv . 
[lawrence bounces] all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place . 
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year . 
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental . 
'carente de imaginacin , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un pice de romance , es una verdadera prdida de tiempo y dinero'
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is
all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
exhilarating , funny and fun . 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
the biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough . 
some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny . 
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in . 
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good . 
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know . 
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny . 
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isn't much to laugh at . 
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through . 
undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
visually , 'santa clause 2' is wondrously creative . 
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience . 
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing . 
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere . 
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film . 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time . 
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in . 
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong . 
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
sex with strangers is fascinating . . . 
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
 . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 
graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 . 
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor . 
shrewd but pointless . 
majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times . 
it's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating . 
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious . 
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering . 
even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them . 
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor . 
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work . 
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . 
nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
 . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated . 
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
'pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia , donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables . '
[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most . 
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie . 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste . 
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes . 
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy . 
it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness . 
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative . 
only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff . 
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
the comedy is nonexistent . 
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set . 
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling . 
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
a solidly entertaining little film . 
an original gem about an obsession with time . 
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony . 
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 
we're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
originality is sorely lacking . 
as social expos , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
 . . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 
at the film's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli . 
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it . 
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece . 
what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested . 
whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time . 
i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold . 
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 
a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom  handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus . 
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres . 
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
well-meaning but inert . 
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing . 
a sudsy cautionary tale . 
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear . 
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer . 
you can practically smell the patchouli oil . 
don't let your festive spirit go this far . 
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . 
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . it does give you a peek . the main problem being that it's only a peek . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 
 " my god , i'm behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben kingsley . 
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan . 
it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows . 
under-rehearsed and lifeless
it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity . 
the drama discloses almost nothing . 
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . 
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas . 
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film . 
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays . 
energetic and boldly provocative . 
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking . 
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound . 
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek . 
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama . 
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 
frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . mr . koshashvili is a director to watch . 
smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
the film's performances are thrilling . 
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
costner's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . 
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series . 
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups . 
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me . 
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . 
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action . 
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff . 
we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . 
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent . 
director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour . 
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 
twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career . 
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls . 
a beautifully observed character piece . 
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up . 
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds . 
the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 
it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate . 
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . 
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . 
the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them . 
greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation . 
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another . 
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts . 
will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime . 
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . . 
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . 
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits . 
pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad . 
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 
none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor . 
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
laughably , irredeemably awful . 
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm . 
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise . 
an extraordinary dramatic experience . 
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . 
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love . 
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . 
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
 . . . silly humbuggery . . . 
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 
[howard] so good as leon barlow . . . that he hardly seems to be acting . 
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . 
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
 " abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
drowning's too good for this sucker . 
witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it's dench who really steals the show . 
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life . 
you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . 
it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality . 
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented . 
without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions . 
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . . 
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though . 
the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette . 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact . 
when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents . 
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation . 
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 
jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in . 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious . 
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes . 
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming . 
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento " 
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone . 
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
its director's most substantial feature for some time . 
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie . 
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs . 
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
it's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it didn't entirely grab me , but there's stuff here to like . 
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . 
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior . 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten . 
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role . 
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas . 
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
highly watchable stuff . 
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie . 
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives . 
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
the story itself is actually quite vapid . 
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
 . . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire . 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head . 
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
the pool drowned me in boredom . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones . 
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck  few filmmakers will . but based on cq , i'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project . 
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles . 
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
just a kiss is a just a waste . 
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
 " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . 
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
a modestly surprising movie . 
