the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . 
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ? 
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 
it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis . 
led by griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material . 
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight . 
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing . 
it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies . 
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy . 
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
hollywood ending just isn't very funny . 
 . . . the implication is kissinger may have decided that  when it comes to truncheoning  it's better to give than to receive . 
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please . 
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy . 
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride . 
a riveting documentary . 
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion . 
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
the movie's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichd and too often strains credulity . 
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . 
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design . 
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview . 
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
the movie is a trove of delights . 
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 
bland but harmless . 
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece . 
famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich-riddled genre can offer . 
it can't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy . 
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater . 
the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details . 
it strikes hardest when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 
it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 
thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act . 
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it . 
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull . 
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
storytelling feels slight . 
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 
a ragbag of cliches . 
for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible . 
even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection . 
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment . 
below may not mark mr . twohy's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre . 
ill-considered , unholy hokum . 
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness . 
talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books . 
leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other . 
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch . 
 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
the film has several strong performances . 
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality . 
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
oozes condescension from every pore . 
there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
sure , it's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it's never as solid as you want it to be . 
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . . 
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
make like the title and dodge this one . 
even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
family fare . 
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care . 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking . 
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide . 
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that . 
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance . 
polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics . is this progress ? 
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class . 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
not once does it come close to being exciting . 
wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch . 
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
a bit too eager to please . 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
are monsters born , or made ? 
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless . 
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . 
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 
another best of the year selection . 
[ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
arguably the best script that besson has written in years . 
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef . 
 . . . mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return . 
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
 " not really as bad as you might think ! " 
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that . 
the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again . 
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners . 
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . 
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid . 
although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense . 
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . 
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series . 
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 
it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original . 
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it . 
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
a marvel of production design . 
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year . 
pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel . 
while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole . 
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel . 
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 
the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz . 
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buuel's casings
the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other . 
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 
hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions . 
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise . 
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog . 
michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being . 
the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
see it . debate it . remember it . 
like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges . 
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself . 
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity . 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation . 
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring . 
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade . 
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle . 
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny . 
often silly  and gross  but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . . 
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 
andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves . 
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr . 
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe . 
 " home movie " is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book . 
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present . 
it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks . 
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant . 
a stylish thriller . 
focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
it's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles . 
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture ! 
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off . 
tries too hard to be funny in a way that's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . 
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
remarkably accessible and affecting . 
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
a chiller resolutely without chills . 
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence . 
a clichd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it . 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that . 
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . 
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there's little to be learned from watching 'comedian'
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies . 
one of the funnier movies in town . 
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be . 
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 
 . . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . 
it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn . 
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . 
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) . 
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 
davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
this is a very fine movie -- go see it . 
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg . 
[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity . 
you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
 . . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale . 
the film's center will not hold . 
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic . 
the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups . 
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all . 
if you're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x . 
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs . 
a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
 ( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's . 
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
a delightful coming-of-age story . 
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue . 
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started . 
the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful . 
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . 
'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
gives everyone something to shout about . 
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s . 
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you . 
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
this u-boat doesn't have a captain . 
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other . 
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film . 
it's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . 
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . 
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones . 
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 
do not see this film . 
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down . 
spiderman rocks
[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . 
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way . 
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be . 
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are . 
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 
lstima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones . 
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
great story , bad idea for a movie . 
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life . 
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic . 
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust . 
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting . 
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster . 
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
low rent from frame one . 
compellingly watchable . 
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree . 
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters . 
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of " lilo " could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 
a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking . 
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers . 
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 
it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective . 
i simply can't recommend it enough . 
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious . 
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film's short 90 minutes . 
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez . 
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them . 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 
 " the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . " 
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide . 
this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour . 
the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom . 
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . 
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . 
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke . 
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction . 
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon . 
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection . 
 . . . somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichs to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work . 
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling . 
there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen . 
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . 
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing . 
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive . 
 . . . an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work . 
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
a stirring road movie . 
the inevitable double- and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line . 
 . . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . 
the film has [its] moments , but they are few and far between . 
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie . 
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness . 
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man's tortured soul . 
more honest about alzheimer's disease , i think , than iris . 
vera's three actors -- moll , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances . 
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too . 
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it's inoffensive and actually rather sweet . 
it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing . 
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha . 
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying . 
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
a comic gem with some serious sparkles . 
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 
a good piece of work more often than not . 
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
fast and funny , an action cartoon that's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd . 
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie . 
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman's tragic odyssey . 
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you inand making you sweat . 
 " spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . if you're a comic fan , you can't miss it . if you're not , you'll still have a good time . " 
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
there's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . 
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
 . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
you live the mood rather than savour the story . 
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at . 
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away . 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . 
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective . 
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 
it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny . 
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . " 
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump . 
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin . 
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures . 
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist . 
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
 " simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , 'this is going to be something really good . ' and it is . 
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 
nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
funny but perilously slight . 
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt . 
the furious coherence that [deniro] brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing . 
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . " 
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . 
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . 
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing . 
it is quite a vision . 
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 
this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . 
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter . 
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crme brle . 
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one . 
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
you'll end up moved . 
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling . 
almost gags on its own gore . 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
never once predictable . 
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through . 
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 . 
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
two-bit potboiler . 
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless . 
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind . 
you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy . 
it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental . 
a fascinating and fun film . 
 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
not only unfunny , but downright repellent . 
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 
painfully padded . 
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 
the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects  from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency . 
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either . 
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world . 
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion . 
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
the re- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 
the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . . 
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
apart from dazzling cinematography , we've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other . 
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy . 
this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space . 
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten . 
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling . 
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . 
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
[westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 
cho's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . her delivery and timing are flawless . 
the movie is well done , but slow . 
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . 
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 
despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight . 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
a timid , soggy near miss . 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
despite its title , amy's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one . 
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
absorbing character study by andr turpin . 
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 
it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) . 
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting . 
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
a joyous occasion
we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity . 
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . 
it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
lame , haphazard teen comedy . 
on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies . 
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . 
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency . 
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . . 
as happily glib and vicious as its characters . 
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny . 
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
sparse but oddly compelling . 
contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary . 
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma . 
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser . 
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue . 
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 
if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure . 
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties . 
[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . 
the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming . 
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality . 
it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary . 
even better than the first one ! 
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 
' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes . 
berling and bart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
 . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going . 
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
at the bottom rung of the series' entries . 
set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york . 
u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts . 
it's a count for our times . 
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny . 
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise . 
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever . 
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy . . . but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty . 
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna . 
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following . 
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about . 
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker . 
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth . 
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
 " frailty " offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
the fast runner' transports the viewer into an unusual space
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 
oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid . 
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
bad and baffling from the get-go . 
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth . 
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . 
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 
[at least] moore is a real charmer . 
 " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back . 
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
 . . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . . 
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned . 
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass . 
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
made me unintentionally famous  as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen . 
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts . 
streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter . 
an ambitious and moving but bleak film . 
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 
 . . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps . 
the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue . 
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational ! 
 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film . 
a half-assed film . 
it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story . 
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem . 
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results . 
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life . 
 . . . an inviting piece of film . 
 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill . 
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story . 
a solidly seaworthy chiller . 
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . 
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality . 
a wry , affectionate delight . 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love . 
great character interaction . 
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
psychologically revealing . 
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . 
y tu mam tambin es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quiz el proyecto ms arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarn
delightfully rendered
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
nothing about this movie works . 
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court's extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors . 
it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades . 
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage . 
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster . 
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough . 
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality . 
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . . 
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that's what makes it worth a recommendation . 
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world . 
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one . 
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine . 
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
it's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just can't get no satisfaction . 
it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics . 
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge . 
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . 
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's . 
though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor . 
a lifetime movie about men . 
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , " a walk to remember " succeeds through sincerity . 
[a] satisfying niblet . 
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at . 
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best . 
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
a gripping drama . 
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
 . . . an interesting slice of history . 
the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful . 
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
like a poor man's you can count on me
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor . 
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated . 
it's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . 
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration . 
feels familiar and tired . 
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john . 
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart . 
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack . 
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation . 
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on . 
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that's superficial and unrealized . 
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 
a movie with a real anarchic flair . 
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services . 
